netopeer-cli tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There is a "test" command available in the CLI.
Upon establishing a connection to a server, it
can be used to execute tests of the server.
These are specififed in the form of an XML
file, which can include many different tests.
The format strictly conforms to the
"netopeer-test.yang" model. Example files that
test various NETCONF features can be found in
this directory.

All the tests in a file can require certain
capabilities or models, or use the same
variables. Variables change their value in
every iteration of a test enabling simple
creation of many instances of nodes. These
global properties are defined first. Specific
test definitions follow in a list.

Each test must have a unique name that
identifies it. Optionally, there can be
a description and the number of executions
(each possibly with a different variable
value). Then the test-specific capablities and
variables follow. Last is a list of the
commands the test executes.

Every command has its unique id specifying the
order - lower is executed first. Then the CLI
command itself can be written in two ways,
either simple command that gets executed
directly (as if writing it in the CLI) or
one that uses a config or filter file. The
string "(file)" in the command is replaced
by a temporary file name with the content
separately specified in the command container.
This way the whole test can be in a single
file. Lastly, the expected result after the
command execution is chosen from simple
success, specific data returned, or an error.
Test is interrupted and fails if a single
command finishes with an unexpected result.
